hany Mahmud joins us now on the phone
from Rafa and hany obviously
another uh busy night in Rafa another
Disturbed night in terms of Israeli
attacks tell us
more yes overnight air strikes across
Rafa City and the central area caused
further uh civilian casualties and and
those who have been rushed to uh
remaining Health Facilities either in or
the Central Area ala hospital they are
at risk right now of losing their lives
as we're talking about the central area
where ala hospital is an overwhelmed
exhausted Hospital uh right now with no
medical supplies sufficient to uh treat
intervene and and treat people properly
here in in overcrowded ra City not only
it's causing injuries of of of large
number of people in the overnight attack
at a building in central RAF City that
caused also further internal
displacement of people who are at the
vicinity of the residential complex that
was targeted uh overnight but also those
who arrive to A Nar Hospital are at
thres of not receiving the necessary
proper medical intervention giving the
shortage of medical supplies as well as
the uh insufficient medical staff
available right now we're talking about
five months of trade we're getting to
six months right now where entire
medical staff are exhausted of working
24 hours 7 days a week the beginning of
this genocide were just very very
difficult situations at a medical level
right now uh we're also seeing other
down the the attacks and and people the
fact that people are dying of bombs
right now we're seeing uh children are
dying of this enforced starvation and
dehydration caused by the acute spam and
that is spreading in the uh northern
part of Gaza City three more people
reported killed three more children
sorry died at the shifa hospital of
dehydration and starvation and that just
bring in the number of of the the total
number of people who died of this
enforced this starvation and dehydration
to 23 children so far there is a fear of
this going to continue to rise within
the coming days as there is still a a
serious problems with the aid mechanism
and the process of delivering food
supplies to people in the northern part
and Gaza City I mean and all the
Alternatives as people Express their
frustration here the alternative that
are supposed by the European or the
Americans or Arab countries are not the
answer right now airdropping food is not
reasonable enough in fact it killed
people yesterday at it had it
experienced malfunction of one of the
the parachutes and the package full on
civilian who were chasing the package
that was blowing to get F of light end
up killing them also the idea right now
of building a pier at the coast of Gaza
that's not the logical for a lot of
people they think it is an in just
distraction of the distraction
to away from them the permanent bombing
and
killing Han Mahmud with the latest there
from Southern Gaza hany thank you